---
layout: post
title: "Preorder link is now up!"
date: 2021-07-09 12:00:00 -0500
tags: update
author: Wonmin
author-url: wonmin
description: "Some website changes and Stripe integration."
image: "/assets/images/posts/2021/07/09/netlify.png"
<!-- published: false -->
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

netlify:
  caption: "Some random promotional image from Netlify so that I can have a picture for this blog post."
  images:
    - path: "/assets/images/posts/2021/07/09/netlify.png"

---

Hello everybody! It's been a while since I made an update that pertains to this blog / website. So what's a better time than now!

Today I finished the preorder button that you can see on this website ([or at this link](/buy)). It took a few hours of digging through a bunch of documentation but I finally managed to get it working.

I wanted to integrate Stripe Checkout in a way that would allow me to charge shipping. At first, I was using Stripe payment links to create a simple URL that let users purchase copies of the game, but unfortunately it doesn't let me add shipping rates to it. So that meant that I needed to find some way to get Stripe Checkout to work with my static website or I will be forced to find some sort of backend solution.

<!--more-->

Here comes Netlify functions!

{% include image.html img-details=page.netlify %}

I had to first migrate my website from Github pages to Netlify. Which I highly recommend. Specifically [this blog](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2017/05/11/migrating-your-jekyll-site-to-netlify/) post was extremely helpful. Now I can take advantage of the really flexible Netlify functions to integrate Stripe to this website.

If you have a static website but need just a few functions for various APIs out there, I highly highly suggest migrating to Netlify to take advantage of their functions capability. Not only do I not have to manage all of the backend routing and mumbo-jumbo, I can just keep my existing static Jekyll content and just add on top of it. Amazing.
