---
layout: post
title: "Print-N-Play Version now ready!"
date: 2021-05-31 12:00:00 -0500
tags: update
author: Wonmin
author-url: wonmin
description: "PNP version is ready and mass production is moving along great!"
image: "/assets/images/posts/2021/05/31/printed_box.jpg"
<!-- published: false -->
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

printed_box:
  caption: "Mass production is moving along great!"
  images:
    - path: "/assets/images/posts/2021/05/31/printed_box.jpg"

---

Hello! Happy almost June and I have some good news for everyone!

### Print-N-Play Backers

Your reward is now ready for download! You should be receiving an email or a message with a link to the files. Feel free to download it and print it at your convenience. Everything is on a standard US letter size paper and there are a total of 63 pages. (All cards, player mats, rulebooks, and the game board)

<!--more-->

Additionally, if you backed the campaign at the PNP level, you will receive a credit of $22 towards a purchase of the full physical game. Which basically means you are receiving the PNP version for free. You cannot use the credit towards any of the other add-on items.

To redeem this credit you must have signed up for the pledge manager. For those who already did sign up, you should see the credit in your Gamefound account. If you didn't sign up yet, try checking your email or just shoot me a email at 1min@unicornwithwings.com and I'll get your sorted out.

### Physical Game Backers

And all backers of the full game will also receive the PNP version for free. Just check your email for the download link 😁

{% include image.html img-details=page.printed_box %}

### Mass Production

The production of the game is moving along great! My manufacturer told me that the box, the game board, and player boards have already been all printed out—they just need to be cut and folded. Everything else is still on track for a mid to late June finish. So hopefully I'll receive them by sometime in July.

### Tabletop Simulator

Did you know that there is a Tabletop Simulator version of the game available at no extra charge for people who own TTS on Steam? Check out the [link here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2348684658) where the game has been updated to the final versions of all assets.

That's all the updates I have for you today. Thanks again and have a great day!
